Increment version number to v0.11 (#51)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-sf: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* The Strawberry Fields devices now support returning Fock state
  probabilities.
  [(#39)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-sf/pull/39)

  ```python
  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def quantum_function(theta, x):
      qml.TwoModeSqueezing(1.0, 0.0, wires=[0, 1])
      return qml.probs(wires=0)
  ```

  If a subset of wires are requested, the marginal probabilities
  will be computed and returned. The returned probabilities will have
  the shape `[cutoff] * wires`.

  If not specified when instantiated, the cutoff for the Gaussian
  simulator is by default 10.

* Added the ability to compute the expectation value and variance of tensor number operators
  [(#37)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/pennylane-sf/pull/37)
  [(#42)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-sf/pull/42)

* The Strawberry Fields devices now support custom wire labels.
  [(#48)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-sf/pull/48)

  ```python
  dev = qml.device('strawberryfields.gaussian', wires=['alice', 1])

  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit(x):
      qml.Displacement(x, 0, wires='alice')
      qml.Beamsplitter(wires=['alice', 1])
      return qml.probs(wires=[0, 1])
  ```

### Improvements

> * PennyLane-SF now supports the latest version of Strawberry Fields (v0.15)

Author: ```suggestion
* PennyLane-SF has been updated to support the latest version of Strawberry Fields (v0.15)
```
